c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.pdb
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.pdb
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\rgillum\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\ADFSTestApp.pdb
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\rgillum\Source\Repos\CapiToys\ADFSTestApp\ADFSTestApp.Tests\obj\Debug\ADFSTestApp.Tests.pdb
